# Iohexol + Tromethamine

## Omnipaque 350mg I-mL, 100mL

*藥物代碼*：IOMN1

*給藥途徑*：I

*用法用量*：

Dosing is based numerous variables including: type of examination, route of administration, patient age/weight and product. Consult specific product information for detailed dosing. Intrathecal route: Myelogram a) Lumbosacral:The usual recommended dose for use in lumbar myelography is 10 to 17 milliliters of iohexol 180 milligrams iodine/milliliter (mgI/mL) or 7 to 12.5 milliliters of iohexol 240 mgI/mL administered by lumbar injection. b) Thoracic:The usual recommended dose for thoracic myelography is 6 to 12.5 milliliters of iohexol 240 milligrams iodine/milliliter (mgI/mL) or 6 to 10 mL of iohexol 300 mgI/mL administered by lumbar or cervical injection. c) Cervical:For cervial myelography given by lumbar injections, the following doses have been used: 6 to 12.5 milliliters of iohexol 240 milligrams iodine/milliliter(mgI/mL) or 6 to 10 mL of iohexol 300 mgI/mL. If iohexol is administered by C1-2 injection, the recommended dose is 7 to 10 mL of iohexol 180 mgI/mL, 6 to 12.5 mL of iohexol 240 mgI/mL, or 4 to 10 mL of iohexol 300 mgI/mL. d) Spinal cord:The usual dose for total columnar myelography (lumbar injection) is 6 to 12.5 milliliters of iohexol 240 milligrams iodine/milliliter(mgI/mL) or 6 to 10 mL of iohexol 300 mgI/mL. Intravascular route: CT of head  The recommended dose for HEAD IMAGING is 70 to 150 milliliters of iohexol 300 milligram iodine/milliliter (mgI/mL) or 80 mL of iohexol 350 mgI/mL by injection or 120 to 250 mL of iohexol 240 mgI/mL by infusion. For BODY IMAGING the dose is 50 to 200 mL of iohexol 300 mgI/mL or 60 to 100 mL of iohexol 350 mgI/mL by injection. Angiocardiography  a) DOSAGE SUMMARY:Iohexol 350 milligrams iodine/milliliter is recommended for use in ANGIOCARDIOGRAPHY. b) VENTRICULOGRAPHY:The usual adult volume is a single injection of 40 milliliters (mL) of iohexol 350 milligrams iodine/mL (range 30 mL to 60 mL) [24][25][26]. This may be repeated as necessary. When combined with selective coronary arteriography the total administered dose should not exceed 250 milliliters (87.5 grams iodine). c) SELECTIVE CORONARY ARTERIOGRAPHY:The usual adult dose for right or left coronary arteriography is 5 milliliters (mL) of iohexol 350 milligrams iodine/mL (range 3 mL to 14 mL) per injection.

## Omnipaque 350mg I-mL, 200mL

*藥物代碼*：IOMN2

*給藥途徑*：I

*用法用量*：

Dosing is based numerous variables including: type of examination, route of administration, patient age/weight and product. Consult specific product information for detailed dosing. Intrathecal route: Myelogram a) Lumbosacral:The usual recommended dose for use in lumbar myelography is 10 to 17 milliliters of iohexol 180 milligrams iodine/milliliter (mgI/mL) or 7 to 12.5 milliliters of iohexol 240 mgI/mL administered by lumbar injection. b) Thoracic:The usual recommended dose for thoracic myelography is 6 to 12.5 milliliters of iohexol 240 milligrams iodine/milliliter (mgI/mL) or 6 to 10 mL of iohexol 300 mgI/mL administered by lumbar or cervical injection. c) Cervical:For cervial myelography given by lumbar injections, the following doses have been used: 6 to 12.5 milliliters of iohexol 240 milligrams iodine/milliliter(mgI/mL) or 6 to 10 mL of iohexol 300 mgI/mL. If iohexol is administered by C1-2 injection, the recommended dose is 7 to 10 mL of iohexol 180 mgI/mL, 6 to 12.5 mL of iohexol 240 mgI/mL, or 4 to 10 mL of iohexol 300 mgI/mL. d) Spinal cord:The usual dose for total columnar myelography (lumbar injection) is 6 to 12.5 milliliters of iohexol 240 milligrams iodine/milliliter(mgI/mL) or 6 to 10 mL of iohexol 300 mgI/mL. Intravascular route: CT of head  The recommended dose for HEAD IMAGING is 70 to 150 milliliters of iohexol 300 milligram iodine/milliliter (mgI/mL) or 80 mL of iohexol 350 mgI/mL by injection or 120 to 250 mL of iohexol 240 mgI/mL by infusion. For BODY IMAGING the dose is 50 to 200 mL of iohexol 300 mgI/mL or 60 to 100 mL of iohexol 350 mgI/mL by injection. Angiocardiography  a) DOSAGE SUMMARY:Iohexol 350 milligrams iodine/milliliter is recommended for use in ANGIOCARDIOGRAPHY. b) VENTRICULOGRAPHY:The usual adult volume is a single injection of 40 milliliters (mL) of iohexol 350 milligrams iodine/mL (range 30 mL to 60 mL) [24][25][26]. This may be repeated as necessary. When combined with selective coronary arteriography the total administered dose should not exceed 250 milliliters (87.5 grams iodine). c) SELECTIVE CORONARY ARTERIOGRAPHY:The usual adult dose for right or left coronary arteriography is 5 milliliters (mL) of iohexol 350 milligrams iodine/mL (range 3 mL to 14 mL) per injection.

## Omnipaque 350mg I-mL, 50mL

*藥物代碼*：IOMN5

*給藥途徑*：I

*用法用量*：

Dosing is based numerous variables including: type of examination, route of administration, patient age/weight and product. Consult specific product information for detailed dosing. Intrathecal route: Myelogram a) Lumbosacral:The usual recommended dose for use in lumbar myelography is 10 to 17 milliliters of iohexol 180 milligrams iodine/milliliter (mgI/mL) or 7 to 12.5 milliliters of iohexol 240 mgI/mL administered by lumbar injection. b) Thoracic:The usual recommended dose for thoracic myelography is 6 to 12.5 milliliters of iohexol 240 milligrams iodine/milliliter (mgI/mL) or 6 to 10 mL of iohexol 300 mgI/mL administered by lumbar or cervical injection. c) Cervical:For cervial myelography given by lumbar injections, the following doses have been used: 6 to 12.5 milliliters of iohexol 240 milligrams iodine/milliliter(mgI/mL) or 6 to 10 mL of iohexol 300 mgI/mL. If iohexol is administered by C1-2 injection, the recommended dose is 7 to 10 mL of iohexol 180 mgI/mL, 6 to 12.5 mL of iohexol 240 mgI/mL, or 4 to 10 mL of iohexol 300 mgI/mL. d) Spinal cord:The usual dose for total columnar myelography (lumbar injection) is 6 to 12.5 milliliters of iohexol 240 milligrams iodine/milliliter(mgI/mL) or 6 to 10 mL of iohexol 300 mgI/mL. Intravascular route: CT of head  The recommended dose for HEAD IMAGING is 70 to 150 milliliters of iohexol 300 milligram iodine/milliliter (mgI/mL) or 80 mL of iohexol 350 mgI/mL by injection or 120 to 250 mL of iohexol 240 mgI/mL by infusion. For BODY IMAGING the dose is 50 to 200 mL of iohexol 300 mgI/mL or 60 to 100 mL of iohexol 350 mgI/mL by injection. Angiocardiography  a) DOSAGE SUMMARY:Iohexol 350 milligrams iodine/milliliter is recommended for use in ANGIOCARDIOGRAPHY. b) VENTRICULOGRAPHY:The usual adult volume is a single injection of 40 milliliters (mL) of iohexol 350 milligrams iodine/mL (range 30 mL to 60 mL) [24][25][26]. This may be repeated as necessary. When combined with selective coronary arteriography the total administered dose should not exceed 250 milliliters (87.5 grams iodine). c) SELECTIVE CORONARY ARTERIOGRAPHY:The usual adult dose for right or left coronary arteriography is 5 milliliters (mL) of iohexol 350 milligrams iodine/mL (range 3 mL to 14 mL) per injection.

